Restrict execution role secrets permissions to Platform secrets only (#218)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1/secrets/overview.mdx

**IAM permissions**

1. Add the [`AmazonECSTaskExecutionRolePolicy` managed policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-managed-policy/latest/reference/AmazonECSTaskExecutionRolePolicy.html).

> 1. Add [this inline policy](https://github.com/seqeralabs/nf-tower-aws/blob/master/launch/secrets-policy-execution-role.json):

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

```json
    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "AllowECSAgentToRetrieveSecrets",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "secretsmanager:GetSecretValue",

>                 "Resource": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:*:*:secret:tower-*"

Reviewer: Why no longer defining the `<YOUR_COMPUTE_REGION>` to limit to a specific region?

Author: Thanks! Added region back in.

>                 "Resource": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:*:*:secret:tower-*"

Author: ```suggestion
                "Resource": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:<YOUR_COMPUTE_REGION>:*:secret:tower-*"
```

        }
      ]
    }
```

:::note

> Including `tower-*` in the Resource ARN above limits access to Platform secrets only (as opposed to all secrets in the given region).

Reviewer: Remove `in the given region` because your no longer asking customers to limit to a specific region.

```suggestion
Including `tower-*` in the Resource ARN above limits access to Platform secrets only (as opposed to all secrets across all regions).
```
